[Autogenerated] Okay.
Welcome back.
Now, in this clip,
we're going to start looking at metric filters in
subscriptions for our log groups.
Well,
a metric filter allows us to scan or filter are log
group for specific messages in our logs.
Now,
a good use case for this would be if we wanted to pick
something up and then maybe pass it to a subscription or
some type of monitoring service.
So it's looking an example.
I'm gonna add a metric filter for this get SSN parameter function.
And what I'm gonna do here is I'm gonna go over to
Lambda and let's edit this function.
I'm gonna add in a custom logging statement here,
and we can see we have a warrant statement.
So this basically is kind of like mimicking a warrant statement from an
application that you might be pushing logs in the cloudwatch for So what
we'll do is we'll scan our log or a filter are logged,
group for this, warn syntax, and that's gonna pick up this entire message.
So it's going to give this a go.
I'm gonna click on save here and let me click on test a few times,
and then I'm gonna go back to Cloudwatch.
And what I have to do here is cancel out because I need
to make sure this log stream is there.
Let me go back to log groups.
I'm gonna go in here and we can see.
Here's our latest log stream.
So let me verify it's in there and it ISS so I'm
going to do is go back to law groups.
I'm gonna click on metric filters here.
I'm gonna add one,
and I'm actually going to scan or filter for that warren pattern.
And there we go.
So now I'm filtering for any warn patterns.
So anything matching this particular example?
So what I'm gonna do here is select the most recent log stream and
I'm gonna test this pattern and you can see down.
Here are results.
We found two matches out of 12 events in this log.
So if I show the test results here,
we can see line number four in line number 10 and you can see
that it picked up our entire line content.
So this is how we can filter for certain messages that are
getting spit into our cloudwatch log groups.
Now it is important to note that when they say events,
they mean each line in a log group log stream.
So let me go back here and let's look at all this.
Every single one of these lines in this log stream is an event.
So if we look at our results line for which is 1234 there's our warn message,
and then line 10 which is right down here so we can see that this is how they
measure lines and correlate that to events within cloudwatch.
Let me go down here, and I'm actually gonna assign this metric,
and now we can give it a filter name so we'll just leave.
This is worn because it is a worn.
And then the next thing we do is provide metric details.
So the metric name space will leave his log metrics here.
But you can see it's something that allows us to group similar metrics,
and then we give it a metric name.
So this is gonna identify what's being published when
our filter pattern here is match.
So let me just go ahead and call this warn log,
and if we want,
we can show advanced settings here where it gives us a metric
value and then it gives us a default value.
So I'll leave those as they are and I'll create this filter and there we go.
We now have a measure filter for this log group.
Now, if we wanted to,
we can actually create an alarm based on this which is within cloudwatch.
And any time our metric is breaching our period for our statistic,
we can set a similar notification here.
So whenever we see maybe greater than zero warn statements,
maybe we want to send a notification to our SNS topic.
So that just kind of shows you how you can utilize thes log metric
filters to monitor your applications at a deeper level than what's
offered to you by a W s by default.
Now let's go back here to log groups and let me select get
SSN parameter and under the actions menu,
we can see that we can add subscriptions here.
Now,
a subscription is basically going to be taking in every log stream in log
event that happens to go into this law group so we can stream to
elasticsearch service in a W s or weaken stream to a lambda.
So if I stream to a lambda here, we would select the Lambda that we want to do,
and then we would slick.
Next, we would select our log format here.
So let's do it A lambda format.
And this is where we can specify more filter patterns.
So this is similar to the metric filter,
except we're specifying the long event structure in filtering on
those for this particular stream to this function.
So Onley anything that matches our filter is going to be
streamed to the subscribing function, not gonna cancel out.
But that's how you can kind of stream certain law groups to other places.
Now,
an example of using this would be maybe you're collecting
logging information in a separate function.
Or maybe you want to push that to elasticsearch so you can query What
kind of alarms or logging statements are more common in?
The last thing I actually want to show you under this actions menu
is that we can actually export data to s three.
So what I can do here,
select this to go back in the actions and I can export my data from
certain data points so from the state to this date.
And then we choose a bucket and we can look at advance
here where we can provide a prefix, and then we can export our data.
Now, I don't have permissions set up for this, so I'm not going to do this now.
But this shows you how you can export all of your log data into s three,
which is more of a long term solution for data retention.
Obviously, I'm gonna cancel this,
and that's actually gonna go ahead and wrap this clip up
and I'm gonna see you in the next one. We're going to start talking about Amazon cloudwatch events.